okay so there is some big news going on
right now a lot of news has been long
around the captain america movie first
avenger captain america and okay i let
you guys on a little secret i got this
script i got the first draft script a
buddy of mine and he lives in Los
Angeles and was able to sneak into the
office and grab it an email it to me so
I know I'm probably going to get a lot
of trouble for this but I'm gonna let
you guys in on the details okay so there
was a report that earlier that the film
was going to be entirely set in World
War two because that's where Steve
Rogers is kind of set from so that is
keeping with comics and on there were a
little like scribble notes on a note so
they were going to have for the movie
that I managed to pick up and I have
broadcasted this on website so i'll give
you the link into the sidebar for you
guys to check out see ya they apparently
i was looking at the notes and they
picked the person to play Captain
America now when I heard this I was
actually very impressed because this
actor really does not get a lot of
credit as much as he used to this guy
used to be big
and they're really looking for guys who
are big at the current time like Matthew
McConaughey Matt Damon Brad Pitt so I
think that it is a good choice they made
and they decided on Mark Hamill now
apparently what they're going to be
doing is they're going to be doing the
same computer d aging effect as in the
beginning of x-men 3 um and that's going
to help him appear younger and also slim
his body down like how Steve Rogers was
very very thin back when he did before
he got injected with Super Soldier serum
so yeah he's apparently already working
out he's built up a lot of muscle and he
actually said in an interview that
there's a scene where Captain America
lay by him is going to run up and kick
Hitler in the shin so I think that so
far that one scene looks pretty
interesting um there was a lot of
speculation as to what villain was gonna
be in this one a lot of people rooting
for the Red Skull but the producer said
you know what he was in the original
Captain America movie back in the 90s so
we're not going to do him again so other
people want to Baron Zemo or one of the
Baron Zemo sparrin t goes to
and they said you know what he doesn't
look like he it needs a lot more
backstory so apparently what they
decided is the villain Batroc the leaper
and apparently what this kind of
character is he is injected with the
same formula as Captain America and what
happens is he's injected more the leg
muscle which gives him sort of the super
ability to jump and he's been jumping
over tanks and stuff he's just being a
nuisance to the army and Captain America
is pretty much sent by the military to
go take him out and apparently he's
going to be played by a Dane Cook who is
apparently gone to seen circus olay to
try and learn some of the gymnastic
thanks for this movie um the love
interest is a new character named jaime
erik sorry Jimmy Jenny Porter who is
apparently um to add a bit of the
conflict to it her brother is currently
Batroc the leaper and she's really torn
between her love for ski for Steve
Rogers and her loyalties your brother
and they decided that the part of JD
borders gonna be played by Christine
Taylor so yeah oh I know got a lot of
you guys especially with the recent
Captain America stuff are going to be
wanting to see Bucky and this Bucky is
in this and Bucky will be Captain
America psychic he will have full of
costume and his origin
and character you generally see the same
um excuse me
gosh sorry ah Bucky will apparently be
played by Chris Furman's applause and if
you guys not sure who that is he played
mclovin and superbad um so he isn't
gandi gandi later killed in the film
because he is later Kelvin World War two
um but in the comics he was killed I
think by Baron Zemo in jet plane they
decided to really mesh with all the
origins together so Batroc the leaper is
going to be the one that kills him which
sets Captain America down this whole
vengeance pace and apparently what's
going to be happening is because he has
that super ability to jump what he's
apparently going to be doing is his foot
is literally going to impale through
Bucky's chest and then just kick him off
he flies off like 300 miles away so
that's pretty much happens to Bucky and
that's where Captain America kind of
goes rogue for a bit um and there is
going to be a lot of cameos in Marvel
Universe which is kind of like what
they've been doing with Iron Man and
incredible more so incredible hulk um
there is indeed going to be just pretty
much like trying to tie the whole
universe together one of the interesting
cameos I thought they were going to do
or I found out they were going to do is
a young general Ross who apparently will
be a private back in World War Two and
he's going to be played by Ryan Seacrest
and also because Magneto's origins take
place in the Holocaust he will be played
in a cameo form by apparently Michael
Phelps and it's going to actually be
leading into sort of like how I remember
to cameo Incredible Hulk is going to be
leading into the x-men origins magneto
movie which is apparently going to be
premiering the day after first avenger
captain america which i think is a great
idea and also this is probably one of
the most boldest and I have to applaud
this one of the most boldest ideas
they're going to be tying Marvel
Universe with another universe by giving
Christian Bale Captain America or push
email Captain America christian bale as
batman who apparently in a
time-traveling accident he comes back to
World War World War Two and he's as a
little moment with Captain America
before volume back in the past siga
they're going to meet bridging the wall
between up or they're gonna be tearing
down the wall between Marvel and DC here
just to set them in the same universe
and he will be pairing in full costume
full voice in full character i'm not
getting yet so yeah and by the way um
this is my last point but Steve Rogers
will apparently he will be the ending
will set him up for the Avengers movie
where he's in the present because they
can't have the Avengers back and will
bore to them just ridiculous um
that he will be coming back in the
present and because of his Super Soldier
Serum he is able to survive through
suspended animation and in the comics he
pretty much went through a missile and
landed in the Arctic and was frozen for
60 years and the writers really don't
think that that's like satisfying enough
and it doesn't make sense at all so
apparently what they decided to do is
they decided to change the sort of
transition in the present entirely where
Captain America and bachar kleber of
fighting and he ends up falling into an
active volcano and he's pretty much
surrounded from multan by molten rock
for 60 years and then he's chiseled at
the present and that's where it takes
place at the end of the thumb the
president so yeah it looks like this is
gonna be like probably one of the best
captain america movies yet it looks a
lot better than what I saw in the 90s
version so yeah I think that this is
gonna be a great film and I cannot wait
to take it check it out so yeah I'll see
you guys later bye